hello my amazing subscribers and welcome
newcomers I am carnage the creator and
today I'll be teaching you guys how to
make yet another glitched block this one
I don't know exactly what I want to call
it I think I'm gonna call it the slick
block because it looks so so slick but
here it is from all sides let me go
ahead and place one on the ground here's
what it looks like from all sides I'm
gonna call this the slick block if you
guys have a better name for it I mean go
ahead throw it in the comment section
below but I'm gonna go ahead and call
this the slick blog just because it
looks so cool I'm gonna teach you guys
how to make it right now basically it's
very simple to do as long as you follow
this tutorial exactly you're gonna place
one two three four five and then what
you're going to do is encase this by two
so we're going to go ahead and one two
three four five one two three four five
and then we're going to build it up one
more to make it too tall alright so now
that we have this we're going to go
ahead and fill this in this one row
right here and then what we're going to
do is put a sticky piston here and
sticky piston here we're gonna dig out
two blocks right here put one sticky
piston here and we're going to add a
block here here and here and last but
not least let's go ahead and put on our
redstone down and put one two three four
just like so and here is our machine
completed now all we're gonna do is run
the water up top you're gonna put it
only on this block do not put it on any
of these other blocks but we're gonna
put it right here and have it running
down just like so and then you're gonna
put the Oakwood just like this it
actually doesn't have to be Oakwood it
can be any type of wood and then you're
gonna break this one two three four five
so now the water should be to leak
whenever you get over here and then
you're going to place a redstone torch
on top and there you have your slick
block and go ahead and get rid of this
water up here and to mine this all
you're gonna do is pop this into a
survival mode and then hit it with an
axe which you can actually just build
this entire thing in survival mode you
don't ever have to go to creative for
this and it doesn't have to be made out
of gold it can be made out of anything
that you want it to be but it makes this
awesome block like I said I'm gonna call
it the slick block
you guys have any other name suggestions
that would be cool but I think I think
sleek black works I think that's gonna
stick and I think it's slick but anyways
guys I've been carnage the creator I
love you guys it's faces be sure to
subscribe for more glitches and just
more tutorials and fun awesome minecraft
playstation cool stuff blah blah blah
anyways I'm carnage the creator love you
guys the faces and I'm out